NMS-12611: Create daemon reload docs (#3591)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/operation/daemon-reload/introduction.adoc

= Daemon Configuration Files

Configuration changes can require a restart of OpenNMS and some daemons are able to reload configuration changes by a running CLI command or by sending a daemon reload event.

> NOTE: Check out the daemon reference section (LINK MISSING) to get an overview about all daemons and the related configuration files and which can be reloaded without restarting OpenNMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Check out the xref:reference:daemons/introduction#ga-daemons[daemon reference section] to get an overview about all daemons and the related configuration files and which can be reloaded without restarting OpenNMS.
```
